
Played by: Sam

Race, class, and potential subclass: Hobgoblin Path of Wild Magic Barbarian, subclass TBD

Fon Darbre was born to a small nomadic clan of Hobgoblins in the countryside of [[Nouvelle]]. His people had roamed the world for as long as any of them could remember, settling in Nouvelle only long enough to raise their young before setting off again. Fon's father is a shaman and his mother a healer. He a big boi,  unlike his folks, and a little clumsy about it. He ain't too good with words as his people speak Goblin primarily, though he was kindly taught the language native to Nouvelle by some neighboring farmers in the countryside. He has a bit of an accent and is prone to misunderstandings in Nouvelle speech which are only exacerbated by his overall simpleness.

He was trained in hunting and fighting from a young age by a strict and bitter old mentor. His people do not use blades against other humanoids as a matter of principle. They prefer only to pummel them with blunt weapons, breaking their bones and spirits but preserving their lives so that they can reflect on their failures and keep moving forward. Only if one shows that they are truly irredeemable and will learn nothing from losing will a sentient life become forfeit to the Darbre clan. On the other hand, innocent animals are killed swiftly with sharp spears and axes to minimize their suffering.

Fon is undertaking a coming-of-age tradition in his clan that all young men of the clan must--A Rumspringa of sorts where they venture out into the world, attempt to learn about it as much as they can, and compose haikus of their experiences to bring back to the tribe to enrich their collective knowledge and prove their worth as men. There is no timeline for the journey and the objectives are a little vague so Fon's not sure he'll know when he's done. And his clan has recently been discussing continuing their own travels as well, so Fon is a bit worried he won't finish before they set off again to lands unknown. His parents promised to leave him signs of where to find them if they do leave before he returns.

Fon encountered strange people in the forests near his home when he was a youth. Their eyes glowed green through wooden masks which obscured their features. He stumbled upon them performing a ritual around a great tree.They completed their ritual and the tree seemed to shine for a moment with the same light as their eyes, when they all suddenly turned to look at him and he ran away. When he was a little older he tried bringing this experience up to his clansmen but no one in his tribe seemed to know anything about the strange people. Fon doesn't know it yet, but his eyes will shine that emerald green in the near future as well.

Fon doesn't know nothing about Nouvelle but he's eager to learn and get back to his people as quickly as possible. He's much more at ease with animals and in nature than he is with people and in cities, and he is young, naive, and trusting to a fault. He is easily persuaded and deceived, and will not question people or their intent unless his primal instincts warn him otherwise. He understands the simplest way to survive in Nouvelle is to be an adventurer, so that's what he's doing.
