
Played by: Tony

Race, class, and potential subclass: Variant Human, Paladin, probably Oath of Devotion, but not 100% sure yet

Alison Taylor was born to a family of minor nobility with a small holdfast in the [[Montpelier]] countryside. As a child, she showed an interest in swords and combat, much to the chagrin of her parents who believed such pursuits were unladylike. However, her uncle, a seasoned warrior who had served in the king’s army, recognized her potential as a soldier and began training her in swordsmanship and military tactics. Allison's father was supportive of her training, but her mother disapproved, believing that such pursuits were not fitting for a young lady.

When Alison's father passed away, it was time to pass on the mantle of leadership. As the eldest child and first heir, Alison was to be appointed Lady of the castle. However, Alison recognized that her younger brother, Lorenzo, possessed a political savvy that far exceeded hers, not to mention her distaste for the tedium of court. Alison refused her appointment, and instead threw her support behind Lorenzo. Instead, Lorenzo appointed Alison as Lord Commander of the Montpelier army, which consisted of around 500 men.

The day then came that the [[Nouvelle]] called upon its banners to defend itself from the advancement of [[Côte-du-Marais]]. Allison's uncle was to lead the family's soldiers, but Lorenzo insisted that he was needed to lead the bulk of the soldiers should the defense fail. Allison stepped forward, taking 50 of her finest soldiers to the frontlines. As a chevalier hailing from a relatively minor holding with a small number of soldiers, Allison was appointed as a lieutenant commander (a relatively lowish to medium rank) of [NAME OF THE COUNTRY’S ARMIES]. For months, Alison saw success after success, earning the nickname “The Swiftblade of Montpelier” from her men - a nod to her quick reflexes and lightning-fast sword strikes.

After 4 months of minor skirmishes and a number of successes, Alison and her men were due to return home due to the expiration of their initial commission. However, [NAME OF THE LEADER OF THE OVERALL ARMY, OR AT LEAST THE ONE WHO IS IN CHARGE OF THIS PARTICULAR REGION] requested that Alison lead her men on a mission that was deemed nearly impossible. Rather than returning home, the entire regiment elected to carry out this mission. Against all odds, Allison and her soldiers succeeded, but not without incurring significant losses. Most of Alison’s company was slain, and the rest were wounded, including Alison herself. Although she had achieved a victory against all odds, the toll of war weighed heavy on Allison's conscience. While recovering, she questioned whether she was truly cut out for a life of warfare, and whether she could bear the loss of more soldiers under her command.